docs(angular): add serializer detail to DataPersistence guide (#3550)
nrwl/nx: docs/angular/guides/misc-data-persistence.md

  constructor(private action$: Actions, private backend: Backend) {}
}
```

> The StoreRouterConnectingModule must be configured with an appropriate serializer. The default serializer works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The StoreRouterConnectingModule must be configured with an appropriate serializer. The `DefaultRouterStateSerializer` provides the full router state instead of the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` that is used without configuration.
```
